hello I've been gone for a very long
time again i am busy busy busy that is
the story of my life and lots of great
things going on in my life and one
really crappy one I got dumped I got
dumped I have never been dumped uh I
feel bad for everybody I've ever dumped
it hurts it's painful and especially
when you're really into the person and
they're not into you and and you're like
why aren't you in to me but why aren't
you in to me what did i do and and
they're just like you know well and it's
easy for them because I've been that
person it's easy for them they just are
like glad I matter that that wasn't
going to work out for me but the person
who gets dumped oh my oh it's it's not
good anyway it's been a while not too
long not long enough I still I went on a
date last night and the poor guy he was
really trying hard and he just wasn't
gonna be appreciated the way he probably
should have been I he bored me to tears
and the whole time I just kept thinking
oh but you're not him and and so he
asked if he could kiss me when the night
was over and I said no no I I don't
wanna kiss you and I have a feeling that
I'm not going to want to kiss anybody
ever again at least that's the way it
feels right now it just feels like I'm
done and so anyway mmm I'm going to read
a poem the poem i'm going to read is
girl writing a letter by william
carpenter a thief drives to the museum
in his black van the night watchman says
sorry closed you'll have to come back
tomorrow the thief sticks the point of
the knife in the guards ear i haven't
got all evening he says i need some
art art is for pleasure the guard says
not possession you can't something then
the duct tape is going across his mouth
don't worry that thief says we're both
on the same side he finds the Dutch
masters and goes right for a Vermeer
girl writing a letter the thief knows
what he's doing he has a PhD he slices
the canvas on one edge from the shelf
holding the salad bowls right down to
the square of sunlight on the black and
white checked floor the girl doesn't
hear this she's too absorbed in writing
her letter she doesn't notice him until
it's too late he's in the picture he's
already seated at the harpsichord he's
playing G minor sonata by Domenico
Scarlatti which once made her heart beat
until it passed the harpsichord and
raced ahead and waited for the music to
catch up she's worked on this letter for
three hundred and twenty years now a
man's here and he although he's dressed
in some weird clothes he's playing the
harpsichord for her for her alone
there's no one else alive in the museum
the man she was writing to is dead time
to stop thinking about him the artist
who painted her is dead she should be
dead herself only she has an ear for
music in a heart that's running up the
staircase of the gardner museum with a
man she's only known for a few minutes
but it's true it feels like her whole
life so when the thief hands her the
knife and says you slice the paintings
out of their frames you roll them up she
does it and when he says you put another
strip of duct tape over the guards mouth
so he'll stop talking about aesthetics
she tapes him and when the night the
thief puts her behind the wheel and says
drive baby the night is ours it is the
girl writing a letter who steers the
black van onto the westbound ramp for
Starro drive and then to Mass Pike it's
the girl writing a letter who drives 80
miles an hour headed west into a country
that's not even discovered yet with a
known criminal a van full of old master
and nowhere to go but down but for the
girl writing a letter these things don't
matter she's got a beer in her free hand
she's on the road she's real and she's
in love